C0180.MP4

The problem is that I'm not the first to realize that money is a problem. 

People created cryptocurrency because they realized that control of currencies in the hands of a few has led to us developing this ever-growing multiple bubble, but thousands of these cryptocurrencies. 

They thought it was about creating a limited resource. 

Yes bitcoin is only so many bitcoin there are but the problem is not that there should only be a certain amount of something. 

The problem is that the economy where we live has to be able to do that Whatever the trade good is, if we cannot create what is the trade good, the economy fails or the economy can do what it is supposed to do. 

The task of the economy is to produce what you call valuable. 


The problem is that the economy sees money as value. 
Money has value. 

That's why everything is worth it, things that we previously thought would never be economically viable as a family. 

Yes, care and so on, that wasn't an economic activity. 

Maybe you had a maid, but they lived there, they were part of a family in the sense that they spent their life with you all of a sudden it's all about the money. 

Everything just revolves around money, especially at the moment when the economy was decoupled from gold, it went completely crazy, suddenly the economy was there too but confused, what do I do now, the economy is really asking itself, the economy is wondering how a living being. 

Okay, what should I do that thing we all people close and together in We humans have a habit of banding together like a community for a society and pursuing a goal together is achieved and then we as a society look for a new goal. 
The problem is that their goal now is to produce money. 

Only the economy of our society itself cannot at least not go back, in the past, in the past, in the past, when the economy was something physical, things that were able to be produced collectively, where we can create more of it, we all gathered around it to the maximum to produce, there were the people who were involved, the others somehow produced theirs and then we came together in certain regions of the world until the 19th century. 

Produce Yes, and what turned out to be what works best is wars, economic crises, epidemics, everything we call catastrophes these days are exactly the things that our economy produces because it produces more money. 

Except that it's really successful because the central bank itself is the only place that can produce value. 

Maybe everything else can become more efficient in dealing with the money. 

There is a lack of opportunity for the economy to solve the problem of lack of money. 

No matter how we digitize or anything else, it won't help. 

It won't change anything and that's why we need a new economic system that makes it possible to distribute cryptocurrencies again, which we can then apparently buy from. 

The only problem is that these cryptocurrencies were not in short supply. 

The goods that were in short supply were the ones that were supposed to be produced, but no one can produce new cryptocurrencies, they can't produce cryptocurrencies, there is a certain amount of them and then it's over, that simply means the ones that are there will be sold at higher and higher prices because in the end they too only society happens to our entire societies. 

Trading crypto is so expensive when I just want to transfer a few euros to someone else, it costs. 

So this system collapses if I take a bank note out of my pocket and someone else prays for maybe a few seconds. 

And to solve the problem, well, it's not a problem that the economy can no longer produce value. 

Do we have to create new value and the solution we found I found when I thought about how to sell software I realized that the product I came across wasn't software at all I found out that nobody wants software, nobody really wants to be like that, everyone wants something completely different from software, we want software to make our work easier. 

That we need less time to get our work done. 

So I reversed the structure that was previously used in the software world to calculate a price and made sure that the creation of this software no longer costs anything. 

Our software doesn't cost anything for free, without requiring any money, but then what are they selling? 
That was my question and when I looked closely, I saw that we sell the time that we then give to our customers. 
We sell time. 

Our customer then has to buy this time from us. 

This means that we our company and the companies that will later use IT systems. 

We have a product like this, which we manage in a digital way, which we can then operate as our own currency and later our partners are allowed to trade with each other instead of having to pay €10 first, in order to be able to trade with someone else, the times themselves are used and since these times are produced through economic trading, we now have the opportunity to create our own tokens again, like the one. 

And that is the decisive factor more valuable than money than the fact that nothing No money, only if I use it to produce them they are always cheaper than money itself and can always be sold for more than what money is worth. 

As a result, one of our partners has the opportunity to buy time from us and later sell it at a higher price, i.e. for a higher price. 

One hour now remains one hour in two years one hour in ten years one hour the value has the quantity. 

But now maybe you'll come for an hour with our partner for €100 in 10 years. 

Within the system exists, Only if it is used outside the system will a new exchange rate be created, that is. 

The money outside the system Which makes it undeniable for me that in the future the currently existing money will become more and more present in our time. 

Be converted because they are now one hour next year one hour ten years one hour, no matter what happens around it. 

Always worth the same because they can always be used in your system for the same price and sold externally if necessary and we can see that now as long as we don't get deflation, we get better and better prices.
